Include the best practice for documenting a Ballerina record in the style guide (#9421)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/source-code-dependencies/style-guide/annotations-documentation-and-comments.md

    }
    ```

> * For record type declarations add the description above the type declaration.

Reviewer: Shall we use definition to stick to spec terms?

Author: Fixed. Decided to use term "field definition" instead of "field descriptor", incase it causes confusion with description (and couldn't think of a common word for both descirptor and difinition for "Don't leave empty lines between the description and the corresponding definition"). Is that okay?

Reviewer: LGTM.

> * Similarly for each field add description above the field declaration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Similarly, for each field add the description above the field declaration.
```

* Don't leave spaces between description and the corresponding declaration.

    **Example,**

    ```ballerina
    # Represents a user.
    type User record {|
        # Id of the user
        int id;
        # Name of the user
        string name;
        # Whether the user is a member
        boolean isMember;
    |};
    ```

> * If the fields has attached metadata leave spaces between each field declaration to improve readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the fields have annotations, you could introduce empty lines in between field declarations to improve readability.
```

Reviewer: Since documentation is also metadata.
